Add comprehensive .github/copilot-instructions.md for coding agents (#2131)
helmfile/helmfile: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# Copilot Instructions for Helmfile

## Repository Overview

> Helmfile is a declarative spec for deploying Helm charts that manages Kubernetes deployments as code. It provides templating, environment management, and GitOps workflows for Helm chart deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helmfile is a tool for deploying Helm charts that manages Kubernetes deployments as code. It provides templating, environment management, and GitOps workflows for Helm chart deployments.

Helmfile is a declarative tool. In Helmfile, all elements of the desired state for deployments must be included in the `helmfile.yaml` config file and any associated files. Only operational matters can be provided dynamically, via command-line flags and environment variables.
```

**Key Details:**
- **Language:** Go 1.24.2+
- **Type:** CLI tool / Kubernetes deployment management
- **Size:** Large codebase (~229MB binary, 200+ dependencies)
- **Runtime:** Requires Helm 3.x as external dependency
- **Target Platform:** Linux/macOS/Windows, Kubernetes clusters

## Build and Validation Commands

### Essential Setup

> Helmfile requires Helm 3.x as a runtime dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helmfile requires Helm 3.x and Kustomize 5.x as runtime dependencies:
```
